docs: update jailing guidelines (#198)
babylonlabs-io/finality-provider: docs/finality-provider-operation.md

### 5.3. Jailing and Unjailing

> A finality provider can be jailed for missing votes when they have voting power. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A finality provider can be jailed for missing a certain number of votes during a sliding window
when it has voting power.
```

However, it's important to understand that:

1. A finality provider must commit public randomness for a block before they can 
have voting power for that block
2. If a finality provider fails to commit public randomness for a block, they 
will have zero voting power for that block
3. Having zero voting power means they cannot vote (and thus cannot miss votes) 
for that block
4. Therefore, missing public randomness commitments indirectly prevents voting 

> but does not directly cause jailing

Reviewer: I feel we don't need to explain this chunk in the jailing section. It is more related to `what makes a fp have voting power` and the answer is more complex than randomness. This is a big topic and we should have a page for it and we refer to that page here. This would be a TODO for me

The specific metrics for jailing (e.g., number of missed votes) are defined by 

> the finality module [parameters](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/babylon/blob/main/proto/babylon/finality/v1/params.proto).

Reviewer: The details of how the jailing mechanism works can be found [here](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/pm/blob/b25a0d9f3685bd8e71256926eac63c4f4c678efa/adr/adr-025-remove-voting-power-from-jailed-fps.md). However this is a private repo and we should adapt it in the fp repo or the babylon repo. This is also a TODO for me.
